[Music]
welcome to slash forward into puppet
masters a legacy let's get to it we
start back at the bodega bay in where a
woman in a smoky room is talking about
seeking out two loans secrets jerking us
back in time to explore the history of
the master unfortunately unlike the
prior installments the story is told
almost exclusively through clips from
the prior movies in despoil ation of her
plans to loans new giant Diaries
spontaneously bursts into flames
require her to move on to Phase two
holding mr. Hertz at gunpoint and
demanding the secrets mr. Hertz we come
to find his Peter from the third movie
having lived a hard life of escaping
from and murdering Nazis he's not easily
intimidated he acknowledges that he
knows the secret but that's not as easy
as just handing it over you gotta feel
it McClaren tries to help him feel it by
pistol whipping the secret out of him he
manages to produce the tape he hopes
will be helpful and stretches our
credulity as we find it narrating toulon
story of his own past from the prior
movie in which he was talking to his
puppets with no tape recorder anywhere
to be seen the entire prior movie is
thusly summarized by presenting an
opening and closing shot he was about
right back at the shop Hertz tries to
offer McLain the juice and get her to
piss off but she's extremely experienced
in her puppet master lore and knows that
no one has been able to ascertain the
core element of the concoction so not
good enough to expound on two long
struggle as well we visit some old
favorites and spend quite a bit of time
within the third movie
[Applause]
join us and I will happen
[Music]
[Applause]
afterward Hertz attempts to sidetrack
her by giving a bum account of how he
came to find to LAN in the US and
suggest how she may be able to find him
as well in retaliation for his Liars
tongue she shoots him without warning
and informs him of her awareness of his
suicide she questions his explanation of
two loans motives and Tenderheart
pointing out the malevolence of the
puppets and they all died screaming you
know that hurts produces another reel to
reel to help provide some context this
one involves Rick luckily they recast
the fourth movie in the fifth one so
they're able to just show that here this
comes as no surprise to her however as
she confirms the diary she acquired
actually came from Rick and that she
pumped for slugs into him as a parting
gift
she then somehow is able to provide
detailed info about McGrew a time Lane
it seems no one should know much about
we finally get a bit of turnabout as
pinhead throws a hammer at her back
injuring her head it hurts wastes no
time shooting her this leads to the big
twist which is that the puppets brought
Toulon to life and her goal wasn't to
steal the serum but to figure out how to
kill him for good she was sent by the
retro puppets suffering the banality of
an immortal existence she's to help them
end their suffering and stop the new
puppet master hurts he responds by
shooting the cameraman and that's the
end of puppet master of the clip show
we're now one film away from completing
the initial etiology I hope you enjoyed
the video thanks for watching
[Music]